[1] 
UC Davis <giveday@ucdavis.edu>
It’s not too late


It’s not too late.
We can reach greater heights together.
Join us for Give Day.




Office of the Chancellor <officeofthechancellor@ucdavis.edu>
Checking In With Chancellor May: Our Transfer Student Success


Our Transfer Student Success
	To the UC Davis Community:

Today, thousands of future Aggies will open their email to the exciting news they have been accepted as transfers at UC Davis. They join our vibrant community of almost 8,000 transfer students and will continue their path toward an undergraduate degree in a community eager to welcome them.

Our transfer students come from every walk of life and experience. Some are first-generation students, some are returning to college after serving in the military or raising families, and some are transitioning from one career to the next.

While every transfer has a unique story, they are joined in their desire to get a world-class education at UC Davis.

Brenda Chavarin Lizama is a thriving first-generation student who transferred to UC Davis. A political science major, she’s a peer advisor for other transfer students, excited about a summer internship in Thailand and a year from graduation. Unsure about finances and academic focus, she said she didn’t see herself here right after high school.

Encouragement from her community college professors and a UC Davis transfer counselor helped her realize that she is as right for UC Davis as it is for her.

UC Davis has an incredible track record of supporting transfer students, with some of the highest graduation rates in the state. In fact, 88% of transfer students graduate within four years, and in winter 2024, our two-year graduation rate jumped to an all-time high of 65%.

ASUCD Transfer Student Representative Kaito Clarke welcomed the “clean slate” Ohlone College offered to jumpstart his pursuit of a political science degree. The first-generation college student chose UC Davis because it is an inclusive environment that recognizes and celebrates every student's journey to campus.
Pathways for success
For many students, the story begins at a California community college. The University of California’s Transfer Admission Guarantee promises that students who fulfill the academic requirements in almost every major will be admitted to UC Davis or five other institutions.

At UC Davis, we’re committed to welcoming transfers. UC Davis has one of the highest transfer admit rate in the UC system, reaching 70% for California community college students in fall 2023.

Transfer admissions are essential to expanding opportunities for California students. The vast majority of our transfers come from one of the state’s community colleges, and 89% of our transfer admissions are from California.

Many students are from historically underrepresented groups, and 44% of transfer admissions are the first generation in their families to attend college.

We’ve expanded our partnership relationship to 42 community colleges in California through the Transfer Opportunity Program. It connects students with a cohort group across the state, explains the admission process and matches students with Student Outreach Ambassadors at UC Davis.
Members of our Aggie community
Transitioning from community colleges can often feel intimidating. However, our programs help transfers immediately establish connections. Events like Discover UC Davis, Aggie Day and Picnic Day draw students to campus to learn more about our community and its unique spirit. Aggie Orientation sets the stage for transfer students to connect to the community and jump into campus and academic life.

Once students enroll, the Transfer and Reentry Center, or TRC, provides vital social and emotional support. Transfer Coordinator Dasha Sidenko said relationships are at the heart of the TRC, connecting students with networks of peer advisors, staff advisors and fellow students.

Director of Transfer and Veterans Services Hope Medina said the TRC helps students navigate the challenges of larger campus life. When students have questions about anything from housing to financial aid, the center’s open-door policy means staff can often walk them right to the office they need to visit to find support.

Students can also get assistance from the Academic Assistance and Tutoring Centers, or AATC, which support thousands of undergraduates each year with subject-specific tutoring, classes, workshops and writing support services. Appointment and drop-in tutoring support is available in biology, chemistry, economics, math, physics and statistics.
Get engaged
Speaking of ways to be part of our community, I hope all undergraduate students — including transfers — will vote in next week’s ASUCD elections. It’s a vital way to have a say in the way the university’s student government is run, including who will fill leadership roles like president, six senate seats, transfer student representative and more. The ballot also contains a proposal to reinstate a student fee to fund a program that supports campus sustainability projects. Voting will take place onlineMonday (April 22) through April 26.
Academic support
UC Davis supports the academic transition as well.

The College of Biological Sciences is one example of our colleges offering programs that connect transfer students to their academic cohort and research opportunities. Helen Schurke Frasier, assistant dean for student success initiatives, described their approach as one focused on creating multiple mentorship opportunities to build a strong foundation for student success.

Their goal is to have every transfer student participate in significant experiential learning in and beyond the classroom during their time at UC Davis. As Professor J. David Furlow said, transfer students choose UC Davis because of our research mission to “not only teach but discover.”

All freshman and transfer students attend a BioLaunch Seminar to connect them with academic life and immediately engage in research projects. The Mentor Collective, one of the largest in the country, connects students with peers to help them find study spaces, learn how to engage with professors and handle exams.  And Course-based Undergraduate Research Experience, or CURE, puts students in labs as scientific investigators conducting practical research to uncover the unknown. The college has launched an initiative to dramatically expand CURE offerings with the goal that every transfer student will have a seat in this transformative, research-intensive course.

For students in biology, engineering, or medicine, Avenues B, E and M offer pathways all the way from community college to careers.
Across our colleges, transfer students are linked to opportunities that will help them meet their career aspirations.

Patty Garcia, a transfer student who will graduate this spring with an English degree, credits UC Davis support for parents, from diapers to daycare, as an indispensable part of her success. She said her experience in the Washington Program as a Congressional intern for Rep. Mike Thompson (D-Napa) helped her develop networking skills she’ll need to make a difference in her community. Garcia, a first-generation student with two children, hopes to return to UC Davis to study law.
Graduation and beyond 
Garcia’s story is the story of so many of our transfer students. Once students are admitted to UC Davis, they succeed here.

Dustin Lower, a reentry student, came to UC Davis after first entering college 20 years ago. After a career and time caring for his family, Lower hit the ground running at UC Davis, where he will continue his studies toward his Ph.D. after graduating with a degree in plant biology this spring. Lower, who recently won a National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship for his mycology work, says that UC Davis’ support for research and invested faculty made all the difference.

He said there was a direct throughline from the Avenue B program to winning the fellowship, a path that led to his first hands-on lab experience running his own study to the Dean’s Circle Summer Undergraduate Research Program.

Our transfer students embody my goal that every student leaves UC Davis with a job offer or graduate school placement in hand, inspiring others to realize they can do the same. Clarke, who will graduate this June, said he could only graduate from UC Davis because of his community college transfer experience, and he’s been touched to see that his brother — who wasn’t thinking about college before — is now talking about attending UC Davis.

Congratulations to our successful transfer applicants on this special day in your academic career. We couldn’t be happier welcoming you as scholars, leaders and Aggies!

Sincerely,

Gary S. May
Chancellor


UC Davis <giveday@ucdavis.edu>
Attention Aggies! We have lift off!
Over the last several years, Give Day has played a fun and important role at UC Davis.
 
It’s celebrated on campus during Picnic Day and plays a part in both student philanthropy and employee giving. Our colleges, schools and athletics teams all participate and engage in friendly competitions to see which will garner the most support.
 
But Give Day holds immense significance for us all. Because it is a chance for our giving community to come together and make an impact on programs that we care about and that make a difference.
 
•
	For our alumni, it’s a time to reflect on your college experience. What programs, faculty and lab projects, or academic classes helped make you who you are today? Were there clubs or sports that honed your leadership skills?
	•
	For UC Davis Health patients and their families, it’s a moment to honor nurses, doctors and programs that may have helped you face challenging times and find renewed health.
	•
	For veterinary clients who bring their beloved family pets and livestock to our new Veterinary Medical Teaching Hospital, it’s a great time to help the hospital purchase groundbreaking new equipment that will help serve animals throughout our region.


This Give Day is fueled by 210 challenge gifts that will make it possible to support an area of UC Davis that is meaningful to you!


Give Day provides all of us with a special opportunity to support what you care most about at UC Davis. This year we also have 210 challenge gifts that magnify your support! Gifts of any size make a tremendous difference!
 
Join us now!


Aggie Connections Monthly <alumni@ucdavis.edu>
Meet our 2024 Alumni Award winners
This year's Alumni Awards honorees have dedicated their time and resources to create life-changing opportunities for students at UC Davis and around the world.
	



UC Davis <giveday@ucdavis.edu>
Sparking change starts with community
 Whether it’s the science that maintains beautiful Lake Tahoe, state-of-the-art care for your beloved pet, scholarships that help our students succeed, or the excellent care you receive from UC Davis Health, Give Day always provides you with a special opportunity to support what you care most about at UC Davis.   Because we have more than 175 challenge gifts, from all around the university, that will make your donation go even further!  Give Day is always fueled by challenge gifts—large gifts put forth by university donors who want to garner more support for an area of UC Davis they are really passionate about. Supporting these challenges is a wonderful way to show your commitment to UC Davis. Because your gift of any size could help activate a large challenge gift to an area of campus you care about.   We hope you will join us for Give Day this year by giving early now, or participating in the fun on April 19-20. Don’t miss it!
	







UC Davis Global Affairs - SISS <siss@ucdavis.edu>
Reminder: Take 8 to 10 minutes to Help International Students
Dear UC Davis International Alumnus:  Earlier this month we emailed you a request for your help with an international student economic impact survey. This survey is being done to find ways to support future international students with visas, academic support, and professional and career opportunities.  If you have already responded to our survey, thank you so much! If you have not yet responded, we hope that you will consider taking the survey. They survey will take 8 to ten minutes. It is completely private and confidential, and your individual answers will not be identified. To take the survey, go to:  https://www.research.net/r/nafsaucdavis  Thank you again, and please reach out to us at siss@ucdavis.edu if you have any questions.  With warm regards,  Joanna Regulska, PhD Vice Provost and Dean - Global Affairs Professor of Gender, Sexuality and Women’s Studies University of California, Davis globalaffairs.ucdavis.edu


UC Davis <giveday@ucdavis.edu>
We’re the top 6 public university in the nation
Dear Sangen,   Our 8th annual Give Day arrives during an exciting time at UC Davis!   New cutting-edge facilities offer our students and faculty important opportunities for learning and groundbreaking discovery. The Gorman Museum of Native American Art, the revamped Coffee Center, and UC Davis Health’s Parkinson’s Disease and Multidisciplinary Clinic—to name but a few examples—all position us to advance these important areas of academic learning, research and cultural expression.   We’ve earned impressive national rankings and widespread acclaim for excellence at UC Davis and UC Davis Health. We rank as the No. 6 public university in the nation and rank No. 1 in the nation in diversity, inclusiveness and internationalization; sustainability and agriculture; and veterinary medicine. We have you to thank for every research breakthrough, every medical advancement and the success of every student and student-athlete. Your support today fuels our growth and helps us reach for greater heights! This year, we also celebrate 10 years of our UC Davis Medical Center ranking No. 1 in Sacramento. And we commemorate the 75th anniversary of our world-class School of Veterinary Medicine.   This success positions us for a brighter future, where we can help our students and faculty researchers reach even greater heights. That is why your participation in Give Day is so important.   Join us for Give Day on April 19-20, or give today and be counted on Give Day!




UC Alumni Career Network <alumni@ucop.edu>
Network Like a Pro
Wednesday, March 13th from 12:00 to 1:00 p.m. (Pacific) Network Like a Pro: Tips and Tricks to Set You Up For Success  Ready to elevate your career and expand your professional circle? Join us for an engaging webinar where you'll master the art of networking. Whether you're a seasoned professional or just starting out, this session is designed to equip you with essential strategies and insider tips to build meaningful connections, seize opportunities, and advance your goals.  In this interactive webinar, you'll discover: • Proven techniques to confidently initiate conversations and make lasting impressions. • Insider insights on leveraging social platforms and events to expand your network. • Strategies for nurturing professional relationships and turning connections into opportunities. • Expert advice on overcoming common networking challenges and building authentic rapport. • Actionable steps to cultivate a robust network that fuels your personal and professional growth.  Don't miss this opportunity to revolutionize your networking game and unlock a world of possibilities. Reserve your spot now and embark on a journey to network with purpose and impact!




Aggie Connections Monthly <alumni@ucdavis.edu>
Alums Lois and Darryl Goss win UC Davis Medal
Alumni couple awarded UC Davis Medal Lois ’85 and Darryl Goss ’83, who fell in love and eloped while students, will receive the 2024 UC Davis Medal—the university’s highest honor—for their lifelong commitment to giving back






Lehigh University - Graduate Programs Office <business@lehigh.edu>
Missed Round 2? The final application deadline is still within reach!
Lehigh Business is still accepting applications.  If you recently missed the round 2 deadline for the MS in Applied Economics program, don't worry, there is still time left to apply!  Please review all admissions requirements to ensure you successfully complete your application by the June 1st final deadline.


UC Davis Aggies <updates@go.ucdavisaggies.com> 
This Week in Athletics: Men's Basketball Senior Day, $2 Tuesday, and Capital Classic!
Aggie Fans,  We hope you were able to take in all the action over this past weekend on campus and catch your breath, because we've got another week full of Aggie events! Here at TWIA, we've got your back, so keep scrolling to ensure you've got your bases covered.










Crowdfund UC Davis <crowdfund@ucdavis.edu>
96 hours left to make a difference
There is 96 hours left to give to our February cohort of Crowdfund UC Davis. Join us to see how UC Davis students and faculty lead the charge for positive change!   More than 730 donors have already contributed more than $68,000 across 28 projects!   If you are passionate about groundbreaking research, community engagement, educational resources or student groups, Crowdfund UC Davis offers many opportunities for you to contribute to a brighter tomorrow.   You still have time! A gift of any size truly does make a difference! Join us and support any of our 28 amazing projects today by clicking on the links below.




UC Davis Aggies <updates@go.ucdavisaggies.com> 
High Yield Savings Account from University Credit Union
Aggies can earn almost 10x* national average with University Credit Union!  University Credit Union was founded more than 70 years ago to exclusively serve universities and their banking needs. UC Davis students, faculty, staff, alumni, and their families qualify to take advantage of this limited time savings offer.  Special Offer:  4.50% APY1  High Yield Savings Account  $2,500 minimum balance to earn dividends.  No maximum.  New money only.  Our powerful digital banking tools, including automatic deposits, will make managing your High Yield Savings Account a breeze. And if you’re worried about the security of your savings, don’t be – your funds are insured up to $250,000 by the NCUA.  Take your savings to new heights!




UC Davis Aggies <updates@go.ucdavisaggies.com> 
This Week in Athletics: Double Youth Day Fun and a BUSY Week in Davis!


Aggie Fans,  You've found yourself back at the one-stop shop for all things Aggie Athletics. We've got a week PACKED with home events here on campus featuring two women's basketball games, a baseball series, a softball series, gymnastics meet, lacrosse game, beach volleyball tournament as well as tennis matches! Without further ado, here's everything you need to know and where to find your tickets.






UC Online enroll@uconline.edu via bounce.marketingcloud.ucmerced.edu 
UC Online Spring Quarter 2024 Cross Campus Online Courses Now Open For Enrolment!
    Spring Quarter 2024 Cross Campus Online Courses Now Open For Enrollment!!! Almost 30,000 enrollments to date! Over 500 fully online and hybrid UC Online courses Philosophy, public health, foreign languages, STEM and more! All courses included in your tuition! All courses approved by the Committee on Courses of Instruction/Undergraduate Counsel Many courses offer more than unit credit, and satisfy GE, pre-major or major requirements Learn from UC faculty across the UC system Discuss and interact with UC students from other campuses Find and enroll in courses to graduate on time!




































[16] Northeastern University Graduate <bouvegrad@northeastern.edu>
Shape the healthcare field of tomorrow at Northeastern
A Message from the Dean
Experience Bouvé College of Health Sciences
Hi Zilu,
Taking the next step and choosing the school and program that aligns with your goals and future career needs is critical. At Northeastern University, you receive more than a degree – you gain relevant real-world skills and experience needed in your career.
From cells to society, a graduate degree at Northeastern University propels your career. As a top-ranked global university, you will have access to research opportunities, a community of compassion, and a second-to-none co-op program that will give you the skills and experience to make a difference in the lives of tomorrow. Our programs provide a learning balance of theory and real-world experience, giving you the competitive edge and professional network needed to take the next step in your career.  
You have many opportunities to learn more, including webinars, open houses, and connecting directly with program faculty. One of the most valuable resources is hearing from a fellow student in your program. Our students believe in the value of their program and experience at Northeastern. Nowhere is this more evident than in their willingness to connect with you.
Please let us know if you would like to connect with a student to learn more about the program, the courses, the homework, and more.
We look forward to assisting you on your journey.

Office of Enrollment Management
Bouvé College of Health Sciences




[17] Northeastern University Graduate <bouvegrad@northeastern.edu>
Are you ready to shape the future of healthcare?
Bouvé College of Health Sciences
Welcome to the Future of Healthcare
Hi Zilu,
Based on your undergraduate degree and GRE scores, we invite you to explore Bouvé College of Health Sciences. Our programs are offered online or at one of our regional campuses in Boston and Charlotte.

Northeastern University’s Bouvé College of Health Sciences is one of the nation’s leading health science colleges, where future pharmacists, policymakers, administrators, nurses, physical therapists, scientists, speech therapists, and psychologists converge under a simple idea: experience deepens learning. Bouvé students learn through doing, are taught by industry-leading experts, and are prepared to tackle the world’s most pressing health challenges. Welcome to the future of healthcare.
We invite you to take the next step and join one of our online information sessions. During these sessions, you will learn more about Bouvé, your program of interest, the admissions process, and have the opportunity to get your questions answered. Click here to view our calendar of events.
We hope you consider Bouvé College during your graduate school search. Please let us know if you have any questions.
We look forward to hearing from you.

Office of Enrollment Management
Bouvé College of Health Sciences




[18] Stanford University <no-reply@m.mail.coursera.org>
Exclusive deals and new opportunities are blooming this Earth Month
It's time to take action towards a greener future.
Unlock savings this Earth Month! Through April 30, take 10% off our Energy Innovation and Emerging Technologies Program. Dive into 8 courses over 365 days to gain the expertise you need to pivot to a climate career or upskill your knowledge to make a bigger impact for a sustainable future. Learn more and enroll today
Discover the Keys to Sustainable Water Management
Reveal the path to achieving your ESG goals through targeted water management with our newest course led by Stanford’s William Tarpeh. The course spotlights the pivotal role of water and energy for circular economies, and teaches you how these elements drive sustainability across various industries and businesses. Learn more and enroll today
Free Stanford Webinar
Uncover the potential of water in our Earth Month webinar, 'Embrace the Future: Harnessing Water for Circular Economies.' Dive into innovative strategies for sustainable water usage with Stanford Professors, Will Tarpeh and Will Chueh. Register Here
Stanford Graduate Business School: Strategic Chief Sustainability Officer Program
Join Stanford's inaugural cohort gaining business & sustainability expertise. Elevate your leadership. Apply today! Learn More
Advanced Cybersecurity Program
Embark on your journey to defend against data breaches and safeguard digital assets in our Advanced Cybersecurity Program. Led by Stanford faculty and industry leaders from Google, LinkedIn and more, you will learn to develop solutions to defend against common cyber threats, secure networks and ensure regulatory compliance. Learn more and enroll today.
Network Security Course
Explore the dynamic landscape of network security through our comprehensive course, carefully crafted to fortify your organization's defenses. From fundamental principles to advanced strategies, delve into critical topics such as secure data transmission, DNS protection, and advanced defense mechanisms. Gain invaluable insights from industry experts and experience graduate-level learning with exclusive access to content from a Stanford University course. Learn more and enroll today.




[19] Stanford University <no-reply@m.mail.coursera.org>
Learn to code for free with Stanford University
Learn to code for free with Stanford University’s Code in Place!
What is Code in Place?
Code in Place is Stanford University’s free introduction-to-coding program that has been featured in publications like Forbes and Scientific American. Adapted for virtual learning from the on-campus CS106A course, Code in Place’s mission is to make computer science accessible to people from all backgrounds, ages, and locations.
Want to join this year’s program?
The requirements are simple  - access to a computer, an internet connection, and a desire to learn how to code. The 6-week program includes lectures and exercises created by Stanford faculty, weekly virtual sessions with a volunteer teacher, and a discussion forum to ask questions and collaborate with learners from around the world. You’ll learn coding fundamentals in a fun, interactive way and walk away with a Stanford Certificate. 
Applications are open until April 12, 2024. Know others who may be interested? Share the opportunity with your network. The more the merrier.
Already have coding experience?
We’d love to have you as a section leader. Volunteering as a teacher is a valuable learning experience, and more section leaders mean that more students can take the course. Use your experience and skills to make a difference!
Learn more by visiting the Code in Place website.




[20] Stanford University <no-reply@m.mail.coursera.org>
Add Health and Medicine Industry Skills to Your Resume
From the implementation of AI technologies in patient care to collecting, analyzing, and reporting data for health discoveries, Stanford Online has content on the latest innovations impacting health and medicine today. Join the Stanford Online learning community from anywhere, anytime with fully online courses and programs.
Clinical Trials: Design, Strategy, and Analysis
Gain skills in research development, data collection, and ethical reporting. With 24 different case studies, you'll have a thorough understanding of how you can apply your knowledge to real-world scenarios.
Enroll today >
Foundations of Genetics and Genomics
Explore the fundamentals of genetics and genomics, and understand the basis for how diseases are diagnosed and treated. Earn a Stanford Certificate to prove your mastery.
Enroll today >
Digital Health Product Development
Dive into the world of health innovation and learn how technologies like telehealth and wearables are ideated, developed, and brought to market. Add skills like concept generation and needs finding to your resume.
Enroll today >
Understanding the Future of Medicine: Generative AI Seminar Series
Learn from Stanford faculty and industry experts to assess the opportunities, risks, and applications of generative AI in healthcare. This new $99 offering will allow you to make strategic decisions on the implementation of AI technologies.
Enroll today >
* Check out our full offering of Medicine and Health courses and programs
* Hear from Kevin Blaine - one of our Medical Statistics Program learners
Stanford Online is brought to you by the Stanford Center for Professional Development




[21] Stanford University <no-reply@m.mail.coursera.org>
Take Stanford Graduate Courses Online This Spring
Enroll in a Stanford Graduate Course
No matter where you are, you can become a Stanford student by enrolling in an online graduate course. Join thousands of learners from around the world who have advanced their careers and accomplished their goals with courses for credit from Stanford. Curious what our courses are like? Experience them firsthand by streaming full lectures on our YouTube channel.
Take The Same Courses As Students On Campus
Choose from courses in engineering, computer science, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, data science, business and management, health & medicine, and more. 
* Watch recordings or live streams of lectures from on-campus classrooms
* Join online office hours, complete homework and take exams remotely
* Earn a Stanford University transcript and academic credit for every course you complete
* Complete a graduate certificate in as little as 1 year
* Transfer up to 18 credit units to an applicable master’s degree (if admitted)
 Choose Your Course for Spring Quarter >> 
Featured Courses and Webinars
Course - Trust and Safety Engineering
Learn about spam, fraud, account takeovers, the use of social media by terrorists, misinformation, child exploitation, harassment, bullying and self-harm. Study both the technical and sociological roots of these harms and the ways various online providers have responded. Our goal is to provide you with an understanding of how the technologies they may build have been abused in the past and how they might spot future abuses earlier.
 Learn More and Enroll >> 
Course - Artificial Intelligence: Principles and Techniques
Learn the foundational principles that drive these applications and practice implementing some of these systems. Specific topics include machine learning, search, game playing, Markov decision processes, constraint satisfaction, graphical models, and logic. The main goal of the course is to equip you with the tools to tackle new AI problems you might encounter in life.
 Learn More and Enroll >> 
On-Demand Webinar - Stanford Artificial Intelligence Programs: Information Session
Learn in-demand skills for a career in artificial intelligence through our online graduate and professional education courses. Hear directly from our program managers and determine the best course for your goals.
Register To Watch >> 
On-Demand Webinar - Stanford Graduate Programs: Information Session
Hear about each of our flexible graduate program options, what you can expect to experience, as well as key information to know before applying and enrolling.
Register To Watch >> 
Get Personalized Course Recommendations
Receive an email with Stanford graduate courses that match the topics you’re interested in. Ready?
Select Your Interests >> 
Stanford Online is brought to you by the Stanford Center for Professional Development .




[22] Stanford University <no-reply@m.mail.coursera.org>
Master AI and Future-Proof Your Career!
Transform Your Career with Stanford Online AI Courses
Courses from Stanford Online offer access to the deep expertise and cutting-edge insights of renowned Stanford faculty in a flexible format for working professionals.  
Artificial Intelligence: Principles & Techniques | March 4 - May 12 
Considering a pivot to Artificial Intelligence? This course is the perfect jumping-off point. In this rigorous course you will:
* Gain a solid understanding of foundational artificial intelligence principles and techniques, such as machine learning, state-based models, variable-based models, and logic.
* Learn how machines can engage in problem solving, reasoning, learning, and interaction as you design, test, and implement algorithms.
Learn more >>
Machine Learning with Graphs | April 1 - June 9
* Explore computational, algorithmic, and modeling challenges specific to the analysis of massive graphs. 
* Master the mechanics of PyTorch Geometric to build your own graph neural networks.
Learn more >>
Deep Generative Models [NEW!] | April 22 - June 30
* Develop a deep understanding of the role of generative models across artificial intelligence and machine learning.
* Explore challenges and complexities of the practical implementation of generative models across various AI tasks.
Learn more >>
* Check out all upcoming courses in our Artificial Intelligence Professional Program.
* Want to learn more about Stanford Online's Artificial Intelligence programs? Stream our recent webinar: AI Courses & Programs Info Session
Continuing Studies Courses
A Crash Course in AI | Starts April 22
Develop the ability to evaluate, discuss, and envision the future of AI in this course on AI techniques, applications, and ethics. Attend online or on campus.
Learn more >>
Statistics for AI, Machine Learning, and Data Science
Gain a deeper understanding of the common concepts in statistics that make AI and ML possible and explore real-world examples. Online course starts April 3.
Learn more >>
No-Code AI: Unlocking Business Potential
No-code solutions are making the power of AI and ML accessible to anyone. Learn the keys for applying AI to your business without writing a single line of code.
Learn more >>
Stanford Online is brought to you by the Stanford Center for Professional Development




[23] Claremont Graduate University <admissions@cgu.edu>
Zilu, Don’t Forget to Register!
Hi Zilu
Claremont Graduate University’s biggest event of the year—Discover CGU: Spring Preview—is this week!
Register now to join us on Saturday, April 6 to experience an in-person graduate course, tour our beautiful campus, meet our community, and receive an $80 application fee waiver.*
* The Science of Extraordinary Customer Experience (MGT 365)
* Telling Stories with Data (SP&E 487)
* From Modern Thought to Wicked Problems (TNDY 312)
* Disrupting Coloniality in K-12 Education: Indigenous Knowledge as the Foundation for Radical Healing & Restoration (EDUC126A)
* AI for Digital Transformation Practicum (IST 697)
* Transdisciplinary Changemakers: Justice-Centered Frameworks for Education (TNDY 430)
* Campaigning and Community Organizing for Social Change in Public Health (CGH 320)
* The History and Theory of Museums (CLST 354)
* Adult Development (PSYCH 331)
If you have any questions, you can reply to this email or call 909-607-7811. We look forward to seeing you soon!
Office of Admissions 
Claremont Graduate University 
121 E. 10th Street, Claremont, CA 91711 
909-607-7811 | admissions@cgu.edu
*We are unable to reimburse application fees that have already been paid.




[24] Claremont Graduate University <admissions@cgu.edu>
Join Us at Discover CGU: Spring Preview
Hi Zilu,
Greetings from Professor Shamini Dias from the School of Transdisciplinary Studies and Professor Patricia Easton from the School of Arts & Humanities at Claremont Graduate University. We’re reaching out to personally invite you to our Discover CGU: Spring Preview event on Saturday, April 6.
Register now to join us for one of the below transdisciplinary course previews:
From Modern Thought to Wicked Problems (TNDY 312) 
Patricia Easton, School of Arts & Humanities
CGU is founded on a transdisciplinary learning model. In this course, our former provost will guide you through the evolution and perspectives of transdisciplinary science and practice. We will explore transdisciplinarity within the context of addressing the world’s complex, or wicked, problems. This course offers a tools-based approach for building positive futures by more effectively addressing large-scale, high-stakes, and complex realities. Collectively reframe and problem-solve our approaches to and understanding of the most vexing issues in our world.
Transdisciplinary Changemakers: Justice-Centered Frameworks for Education (TNDY 430) 
Shamini Dias, Transdisciplinary Studies & Center for Academic & Faculty Excellence
What does change mean in education? How and why is change-making a critical leadership role for every educator? In exploring transdisciplinary pedagogy for transformation, we will develop a mission to create equity-minded principles and strategies for authentic, meaningful, and deep learning experiences that prepare all learners to flourish in an emerging and unpredictable world.
These lectures are a must-attend if you're interested in how transdisciplinary learning experiences can tackle complex, global challenges. Register today and join us at this exciting event.
Looking forward to seeing you there!

Shamini Dias and Patricia Easton
Claremont Graduate University




[25] Claremont Graduate University <admissions@cgu.edu>
Take the Exciting Next Step
Hi Zilu,
Apply by April 1 and take the exciting first step towards a transformative educational experience at Claremont Graduate University. Benefit from intentionally small class sizes, collaborative learning across disciplines, and a powerful alumni network.
Get to Know CGU
Learn more about student life and immerse yourself in our dynamic campus and culture by joining us at an upcoming event:
Discover CGU: Spring Preview
Date: Saturday, April 6
Time: 9:00 am - 1:00 pm
Location: Burkle Building at CGU
Realizing Equity Research Symposium
Date: Thursday, April 4
Time: 12:00 noon - 4:00 pm PT
Location: Virtual
If you have questions, reply to this email or call us at 909-607-7811. We look forward to reviewing your application.
Looking forward to seeing you soon,




[26] Claremont Graduate University <admissions@cgu.edu>
Join Us at Spring Preview and Receive a Fee Waiver
Hi Zilu,
Our Discover CGU: Spring Preview event is less than a month away! Spring Preview is a unique opportunity to experience everything that Claremont Graduate University has to offer. Meet our world-class faculty, tour our beautiful campus, experience an in-person graduate course, and receive an $80 application fee waiver code after attending the event.*
Discover CGU: Spring Preview 
Date: Saturday, April 6 
Time: 9:00 am - 1:00 pm PT 
Location: Burkle Building at CGU
Stay and Explore Claremont 
Whether you're traveling to attend Spring Preview or planning a weekend staycation in Claremont, we’ve partnered with the DoubleTree by Hilton in Claremont to offer exclusive discounted rates for attendees. Situated within walking distance from CGU's campus, the California Botanic Garden, Claremont Village, Claremont Packing House, and much more, you’ll be right in the middle of it all. Book now.
Questions? 
If you have questions, please reply to this email or call us at 909-607-7811. We look forward to seeing you soon!




[27] Claremont Graduate University <admissions@cgu.edu>
Zilu, Select Your Courses for Spring Preview
Hi Zilu,
Have you registered for Discover CGU: Spring Preview yet? Join us on Saturday, April 6 from 9:00 am to 1:00 pm for Claremont Graduate University’s biggest event of the year. Meet our accomplished faculty and experience a graduate-level course of your choice:
The Science of Extraordinary Customer Experience (MGT 365)  
Professor Paul Zak, Drucker School of Management 

Telling Stories with Data (SP&E 487) 
Professor Tyler Reny, Division of Politics & Economics 

From Modern Thought to Wicked Problems (TNDY 312) 
Professor Patricia Easton, School of Arts & Humanities 

Disrupting Coloniality in K-12 Education: Indigenous Knowledge as the Foundation for Radical Healing & Restoration (EDUC126A) 
Professor Samara Suafo’a, School of Educational Studies 

AI for Digital Transformation Practicum (IST 697) 
Professor Itamar Shabtai, Center for Information Systems & Technology 

Transdisciplinary Changemakers: Justice-Centered Frameworks for Education (TNDY 430) 
Professor Shamini Dias, Transdisciplinary Studies & Center for Academic & Faculty Excellence 

Campaigning and Community Organizing for Social Change in Public Health (CGH 320) 
Professor Bree L. Hemingway, School of Community & Global Health 

The History and Theory of Museums (CLST 354) 
Professor Joshua Goode, School of Arts & Humanities 

Adult Development (PSYCH 331) 
Professor Jeanne Nakamura, Division of Behavioral & Organizational Sciences 
Spaces are limited. Register now to secure your spot!
During the event, you can also take a tour of campus, connect with members of our community, and learn more about CGU’s uniquely personalized approach to graduate education.




[28] Claremont Graduate University <admissions@cgu.edu>
RSVP Now for CGU's Application Workshop
Hi Zilu,
Our Discover CGU: Spring Preview event is less than a month away! Spring Preview is a unique opportunity to experience everything that Claremont Graduate University has to offer. Meet our world-class faculty, tour our beautiful campus, experience an in-person graduate course, and receive an $80 application fee waiver code after attending the event.*
Discover CGU: Spring Preview 
Date: Saturday, April 6 
Time: 9:00 am - 1:00 pm PT 
Location: Burkle Building at CGU
Stay and Explore Claremont 
Whether you're traveling to attend Spring Preview or planning a weekend staycation in Claremont, we’ve partnered with the DoubleTree by Hilton in Claremont to offer exclusive discounted rates for attendees. Situated within walking distance from CGU's campus, the California Botanic Garden, Claremont Village, Claremont Packing House, and much more, you’ll be right in the middle of it all. Book now.
Questions? 
If you have questions, please reply to this email or call us at 909-607-7811. We look forward to seeing you soon!




[29] innovation@ucsd.edu innovation@ucsd.edu via e2ma.net 
MORE TICKETS for XR Studio Winter Cohort Info Session!
Apply for Winter Cohort 2 of The Garage Startup XR Program!
MORE TICKETS AVAILABLE! UC San Diego's newly launched, extended reality (XR) studio MAVERiC Studio is looking for students to join its second cohort of The Garage Startup program starting Tuesday, January 16, 2024. The Garage Startup is aimed at helping you delve deep into the process of virtual world creation and learn how to use AI tools, to make a lasting impact in your chosen field! And with seating limited, you don't want to wait!
To learn more, come to the first day info session:
The Garage Startup Info Session
January 9, 2024 | 4 - 6 p.m.

Design & Innovation Building, MAVERiC Studio, Room 436
Snacks will be provided.
Ready to apply for the program already? Fill out our interest form below to be considered:
The Garage Startup
Winter Quarter 2024: January 16 - March 14
Tuesdays/Thursdays, 4:00 - 6:00 p.m. PST (excluding holidays)
Location: Design & Innovation Building, MAVERiC Studio, Room 436
More about MAVERiC Studio
The Office of Innovation & Commercialization in partnership with Origami Air is launching this state-of-the-art studio, which offers students the unique hands-on opportunity to learn, create, and collaborate using cutting-edge technologies. Whether you're seeking to enhance your personal endeavors, develop groundbreaking projects, or even start your own company, MAVERiC Studio empowers you to push boundaries and make your mark in the world. Learn more about the MAVERiC Studio.




[30] innovation@ucsd.edu innovation@ucsd.edu via e2ma.net 
Think Like An Entrepreneur- Registration Open!
Attention All Changemakers:
Save Big on Winter '24 Enrollment!
Essentials of Entrepreneurship & Innovation
January 9 - March 12, 2024
Tuesday, 4 - 6 p.m. PST
(In-Person Format) 
UC San Diego Extended Studies is excited to offer the upcoming winter session of Essentials of Entrepreneurship & Innovation, starting January 9, 2024. This exciting course introduces you to critical knowledge and skills to create new business and product ideas, while driving initiatives and innovation in any environment! In this course, you will gain an understanding of:
* Design thinking and ideation
* Customer discovery
* Different business models
* How to drive innovative initiatives
* Pitching to stakeholders
Take Advantage of the UC San Diego
Affiliate Price: $50 (Available till Jan. 4)
Enroll before the January 4, 2023 deadline.