Restaurant emails?1?Final chance for our VIPs: EXTRA 30% OFF AE + AERIE  Exclusive daily deals celebrating you! Last chance! extra 30% off when you shop both AE&Aerie or extra 25% off one brand. Win Free AE&Aerie Styles! Click for your chance to win free tops, bottoms, or undies – just for real rewards members. Enter to win.?2?Introducing: The Cow Print Collection THE COW PRINT COLLECTION Bringing a textural twist to your new spring kicks, this iconic lineup combines cow print hair-on leather uppers with heritage design details. Shop cow print collection shop new arrivals?3?4 HRS ONLY! Extra 10% off almost everything ???? extra 10% off almost everything. Today only, 7-11pm ET?4?spring accessories ?? starting at $10 take an extra 40% off sale styles. Shop now. Starting at $10. Spring accessories checklist. 01 in the bag 02 hair & now 03shine bright 04 top it off 05 head to toe. Free shipping on orders of $50?5?the sandal shop women’s sandals. Wedges flat sandals heeled sandals slides men’s sandals.?6?extra 40% OFF all SALE ITEMS ? take an extra 40$ off sale styles shop now?7? the color edit Shop the season’s hottest styles in bright hues. Denim blues. blooming lilacs. Blushing hues. Spring neutrals.?8?30% off, today only! Now's your chance! Realreward member love week. Today only! Use code: REALPERK?9?the top of the hour from bdg. Bdg michelle off- the shoulder top $25 7 colors. The top of the hour is a must in every closet. “Really love this top! Fits really nice”. Shop now. check out more of our favorite off-the-shoulder tops…?10?Knock knock: It's your new spring favorites! Breeze Emily. The Breeze Emily is part of our much-loved Cloudsteppers collection – so you know it’s stacked with soft support to count on (and tons of effortless, laid-back style, too).?11?LAST DAY: up to $50 OFF your purchase. Take $15 off $75. $30 off $100. $50 off $150?12?10% off your next order? you got it ? thanks for shopping at urban outfitters. Sign up for UO rewards. Receive 10% off your next purchase earn points and more. Join now.?13?Member love week is coming… Dearest AE & Aerie family, As we prepare to launch our first ever Real Rewards Member Love Week, I wanted to take a moment to keep it real, and say thank you to each and every one of you. Throughout the year, you not only shop with us but many of you take time to share your thoughts and tell us what we need to hear. Your passion is our passion and helps drive every move we make. Your love for AE and Aerie is the reason our 30,000+ associates work tirelessly to create and deliver the unique collections you have come to expect. Finding that special balance of trend and quality is not easy and I am grateful every day to our teams... and I am beyond grateful every day for each of you-our customers who make AE and Aerie more than just brands, but a community.?14?Welcome to Mealime ! Here's what's next. Welcome ! I’m so glad you decided to give Mealime a try. We created Mealime to simplify the process of eating healthy, delicious food at home. Over the next few weeks, we hope to earn your trust as you create your first meal plan, shop for groceries and cook our recipes. As a heads up, we’ll be sending you a few more emails in the coming days with tips and tricks for how you can make the most of Mealime. In the meantime, our Getting Started Guide is the best place to quickly learn about how to meal plan, shop online or in-store and cook with Mealime. Want to connect with other Mealime users and get tips on meal planning, cooking, and healthy eating? Join the Mealime Community where you can ask questions, share advice, and receive exclusive Mealime content. If you have any questions, feel free to email our customer success team. (We're lightning quick at replying.Talk soon, Mitch Crowe Founder, Mealime?15?New April Rewards are HERE ? OUR INNER CIRCLE — THANK YOU FOR BEING AN ALO ACCESS MEMBER! Alo access rewards added. Explore new rewards and redeem your points with something special on your next purchase. Shop now.?16?alo access half-point rewards! What are you waiting for? Reward yourself. Grab your favorite alo access rewards for half the points this weekend only!?17?This season's standout: The Mayhill. Embrace effortless styling and iconic Clarks design DNA in our latest luxe loafer, Mayhill.?18?ready for a spring layer refresh? Alo new jackets & coats April showers ahead. Slick sclickers and more Spring layers for whatever weather comes your way. Shop jackets & coats.?19?
Now extended! Extra 10% off everything. Limited time only! We picked these styles just for you!?20?Celebrate Earth Day Your Way ???? GO THE DISTANCE EVERYDAY IS EARTH DAY. Ready to get outside? Step into quality and explore the outdoors with socks that are built to last. Our line of Infiknit™ socks are made to go the distance with long lasting, durable materials that don't stop until you do. We'll see you out there.?21?Shop Sustainably: 25% Off Sitewide. BE PART OF THE SOLUTION Earth Day is the perfect day to start a more sustainable beauty routine. Take 25% OFF all refillable products.?22?Hurry! Last-chance OUTDOOR DEALS The BIG Outdoor Sale FINAL HOURS. 24 hrs only flash deals. Deals on big-name brands & more.?23?Laid-back luxury with BIOM C-TRAIL. The Weekend Wardrobe Elevate your everyday dressing by playing with layers and accents. @carolinelossberg wears the limited edition ECCO BIOM C-TRAIL by Natacha Ramsay-Levi, styled with items in matching earthy tones and a chunky chain-embellished ECCO POT BAG for added luxury.?24?30% Off Final Hours. Final Hours at 30% Off. Refresh your wardrobe by seizing the 30% off on selected pieces.* Don't forget we double the House Points of your purchases. Don't Miss Out The Exclusive Preview. act now. Your Fall Winter 2024 pieces are waiting - shop them first. The preview ends today.*?25?DON'T MISS THIS up to 60% off our collection right now. Up to 60% off our collection. You’ll feel amazing in these?26?Up to 50% off Logo Favorites for a Limited Time. Logo favorites. Our iconic signature. The must-have for any casual wardrobe. Go bold with our 90s-inspired monogram.?27?25% Off Is Waiting for You — Last Chance to Shop. Ends tonight last chance to claim with code spring25. Shop before it’s over. Handpicked just for you.?28?The new effortless dress ??. Today only! Extra 10% off everything! This dress is effortless. Meet the newest addition to our bestselling collection. Shop dresses. Shop the pool-to-party collection.?29?Performance Tab Sock Packs: Get from Point A to Point...Z. KEEP THE COMFORT COMING These performance tabs are your go-to no slip sock, ready to put in the miles with you and bring the comfort. Load up on your favorites by shopping packs so the comfort never has ends. Shop now. more packs.?30?Fleece, Please! ?? From cool days in the backcountry to evenings around town, a cozy fleece paired with your unique tastes and needs is your ticket to on-the-go comfort for spring adventures. Shop fleece jackets.