Tourism emails?1?OMG! Exclusive VIP Experiences Inside We’ve got your key to unlock exclusive adventures around the world. Create unforgettable memories that elevate your summer travels to a whole new level. DATE NIGHT DONE RIGHT Set sail for a luxurious dinner aboard our elegant, glass-enclosed Bateaux. Glide along the Hudson and East Rivers, marveling at the glittering New York City skyline. Savor a gourmet plated meal and sip on signature cocktails as you dance the night away to the electrifying rhythm of our live band. Go the extra mile with upgrade packages including priority boarding, premium appetizers, top shelf drinks, and more. CRAFT YOUR DREAM PIZZA IN TRASTEVERE Unwrap the secrets of Italy's pizza royalty on a small group journey in Rome’s vibrant Trastevere neighborhood. Master dough-making under a renowned chef in a state-of-the-art kitchen. Savor an aperitivo (or two) while your pizza bakes, and end with homemade gelato—la dolce vita! AFTERNOON TEA WITH A TWIST Enjoy a unique afternoon tea while taking in stunning views of London's iconic landmarks. Indulge in exquisite finger foods and premium tea service as you sail. This upscale cruise is perfect for celebrating a birthday, a special occasion, or simply an afternoon escape A TASTE OF MONTMARTRE Explore the artistic heart of Paris on a private after-hours tour. Skip the lines at Montmartre Museum, relish in a secret vineyard tasting, and witness breathtaking Sacré-Coeur scenes—all with a knowledgeable local guide. This intimate tour is reserved for a select few, offering a side of Montmartre rarely seen. BRUNCH, BUBBLY, AND THE BAY Set sail on an exclusive VIP brunch cruise. Our San Francisco Premier Cruise includes bottomless mimosas, exquisite cuisine, and exceptional service. Enjoy live DJ entertainment and jaw-dropping views of the skyline, Golden Gate Bridge, and Alcatraz Island. This is a brunch unlike any other! EXCLUSIVE AFTER-HOURS DUOMO TOUR Explore Florence's iconic Duomo from top to bottom after dark. This VIP tour includes after-hours access to the cathedral itself, the private terraces, and a dome climb for breathtaking views, all without the crowds. Witness the cathedral's closing ceremony with the Key Master for an experience you’ll treasure forever.?2?Exclusive: Our Favorite Adventures (and Why You'll Love Them!)We love creating unforgettable moments. Discover what makes our experiences so special, straight from the crew who brings them to life! LUNCH & LANDMARKS, LONDON-STYLE Lunch Cruise on the River Thames "The lunch cruise has lots of great things to offer, from breathtaking views, tasty food, live commentary, and a relaxing atmosphere. This makes the lunch cruise on the river Thames a distinctive and memorable experience for visitors and locals alike." EAT LIKE A LOCAL IN ROME Tastes & Traditions: Testaccio Food and Market Tour "This tour is near and dear to my heart because it is one of my favorite neighborhoods in Rome! When I designed this tour, it was a lot of fun picking my favorite vendors at the food market, bars, and restaurants I go to with family and friends and introducing them to guests from around the world." Denyse Pantaleo, Devour Tours Italy Food Product Manager SEE NIAGARA FALLS UP-CLOSE Voyage to the Falls Boat Tour "What I love about this tour is that people come from all over the world to experience the ROAR of Niagara Falls up close. I love seeing the shocked expressions on our guests' faces after they witness how spectacular the Falls are. I love hearing their laughter at how soaked they got and listening to their comments about the boat tour being an amazing once-in-a-lifetime experience. The Voyage to the Falls Boat Tour is truly the best way to witness the full power of Niagara Falls." Jessica Christ, Niagara City Cruises Guest Experience Manager GO SOLO IN SEVILLE Alone in the Alcazar: Exclusive Early Access Tour "At Walks, we are privileged to have exclusive early access to Seville's most visited site. Our guests can take in the history, gardens, and architecture completely alone. They love it when the gates close behind them, and the only thing they hear are the early birds and their own footsteps on the floor. The only other people who can do that are the Spanish Royal Family and celebrity VIPs!" Maria Ruiz Manzano, Walks & Devour Tours Seville Ground Operations Manager?3?Insider Intel: Experiences So Good, We Had to Share LUNCH & LANDMARKS, LONDON-STYLE Lunch Cruise on the River Thames "The lunch cruise has lots of great things to offer, from breathtaking views, tasty food, live commentary, and a relaxing atmosphere. This makes the lunch cruise on the river Thames a distinctive and memorable experience for visitors and locals alike." Connor Butler, City Cruises UK Marketing Executive CRUISE CHICAGO’S ICONIC GREEN RIVER St. Patrick's Day Bottomless Mimosa Brunch Cruise "Nothing beats standing on the bow sipping endless mimosas and watching the people strut their best shades of green down Chicago's Riverwalk. Brunch never tasted so good when paired with the color-changing river views reflecting off the cruise’s glass ceilings and city’s incredible architecture." Jamie Molina, City Cruises Chicago Public Cruise Manager GO SOLO IN SEVILLE Alone in the Alcazar: Exclusive Early Access Tour "At Walks, we are privileged to have exclusive early access to Seville's most visited site. Our guests can take in the history, gardens, and architecture completely alone. They love it when the gates close behind them, and the only thing they hear are the early birds and their own footsteps on the floor. The only other people who can do that are the Spanish Royal Family and celebrity VIPs!" Maria Ruiz Manzano, Walks & Devour Tours Seville Ground Operations Manager?4?Adventure Awaits: Plan Your Spring Break Looking for an exciting way to spend Spring Break? Relax and unwind or ignite your inner explorer. No matter your vibe, City Experiences can help you create memories to last a lifetime. WONDERS OF THE WIZARDING WORLD Whether you're a Gryffindor or Hufflepuff, discover the magical world of Harry Potter at Warner Bros. Studio Tour London. Wander authentic sets, witness riveting special effects, and uncover movie secrets. Complete with a walking tour of London visiting sites like Trafalgar Square and Piccadilly Circus, get a unique look at this mesmerizing city – save 20%* through Feb. 29 with code HARRYPOTTER20. CRUISE INTO SPRING WITH DC’S CHERRY BLOSSOMS Cruise along the Potomac River admiring the vibrant colors and rich history of DC's iconic cherry blossoms. Choose from dining or sightseeing cruises for your front-row seat to this stunning Spring showstopper!ROME WASN’T BUILT IN A DAY... ...But you can see its hidden gems in one! Unveil ancient Rome on a walking tour in the steps of the city's emperors. Skip the lines at the Roman Forum and Palatine Hill, explore the reopened Domus Tiberiana, and hear captivating stories from our expert guide. Prepare to be amazed! AILHOUSE ON THE ROCK This year marks Alcatraz Island’s 50th anniversary as part of the National Park Service, so add this iconic landmark to your spring travel plans. For a limited time, Bay Area residents can buy one ticket and get one free† for select dates. You can also test your Alcatraz knowledge with City Expert Greg!?5?We're sharing some of our favorite, can't-miss experiences around the world to add to your 2024 travel bucket list. Explore on! Your 2024 Bucket List Just Landed CELEBRATE ROMANCE ON THE WATER Valentine's Day is approaching and 2024 is the year to make it unforgettable for your special someone! Set sail with one of our dining cruises for a delicious meal, spectacular views of your city, and quality time with your Valentine. A RECIPE FOR UNFORGETTABLE MEMORIES Immerse yourself in Rome's culinary scene! Learn how to make pasta from scratch and pair sauces with different pasta shapes from expert local chefs. You might even hear a few family secrets about elevating your cooking. SAIL ALONG LONDON'S SIGHTS Cruise past the best of London's attractions and enjoy a royally delicious meal on one of our dining cruises along the Thames. While onboard, you'll experience some of the most breathtaking views of Big Ben, the London Eye, and Tower Bridge. DISCOVER THE BEAUTY OF BARCELONA Explore the stunning architecture of Barcelona on a walking tour that takes you to some of Antoni Gaudí's best works. With skip-the-line access, your knowledgeable local guide will ensure that you experience all the key sights.?6?Offer Extended—Just One More Day for Black Friday Savings! Time is running out so book your experience now to save big during Black Friday! Celebrate the holiday season with incredible savings on exciting cruises, tours, and adventures all around the world with City Experiences. LIGHT UP YOUR DECEMBER AND NEW YEAR'S! Get 20% off* select December dining cruises across the US when you book with promo code BLACKFRIDAY — including holiday and New Year’s Eve cruises! SIGHTSEEING AND DINING CRUISES ACROSS THE UK Save up to 50%^ on select dining and sightseeing cruises sailing through March across the UK in London, York, and Poole! See terms for more details. WALKING AND FOOD TOURS Discounts+ across select Walks and Devour walking, food, history, and adventure tours throughout the US and Europe when booked between November 24-28! No code required. GIVE THE GIFT Surprise your loved ones with the ultimate gift this holiday season – a City Experiences Gift Card%. With unforgettable land and water experiences close to home and all around the world, they are sure to find the perfect outing!?7? Outdoor Experiences You'll Never Forget This Fall The seasons are changing, and fall is the perfect time of year to take advantage of our many outdoor experiences. Find your favorite and get ready for a fantastic outing. SEE ICONIC LONDON SIGHTS Enjoy an entertaining day out on our 24h Hop-On Hop-Off sightseeing cruise, which sails past London's most sought-after sights, from the Tower of London to the Houses of Parliament. Take in the views from our open-air decks as your explore the capital’s iconic riverside landmarks. TOUR SAN DIEGO FROM THE WATER Discover the best of San Diego’s sightseeing on this memorable harbor boat tour. Cruise over 20 miles and marvel at more than 50 local landmarks, plus majestic marine animals and sea birds. Kids cruise for free in October* with code KIDSFREE2023! ALL ABOARD FOR A SPOOKY RIDE Set sail on the Chicago River for our Seadog Haunted Tour, and discover the city’s fascinating past while winding through some of Chicago’s most incredible architecture. Learn the many secrets and scandals of the Windy City through spine-tingling tales of supernatural occurrences and infamous figures.?8?Explore History Across the Globe with Us Discover the awe-inspiring histories of iconic cities across the globe! With our expert local guides, you'll uncover the hidden pasts that shape each destination’s vibrant contemporary culture. LEARN ABOUT BOSTON HARBOR’S EXCITING PAST From stories of the Revolutionary War to maritime lore and legends, take the ultimate journey through Boston Harbor over the centuries on a narrated Historic Harbor Cruise. Set sail for a tour of the legendary waterway that has shaped the course of American history! EXPLORE HISTORIC ROME ONE BITE AT A TIME The best way to experience a city famous for its culinary traditions? Through its food! Taste your way from Rome’s ancient past to its flavors of today on a fascinating Street Food and History Tour of the Jewish Quarter and Centro Storico. DISCOVER THE HISTORY OF US DEMOCRACY Explore American history at an exciting proximity with a National Archives and US Capitol Tour. Join us for VIP-style entry into the building that is home to many of the country’s most important documents, followed by a tour of the captivating stories behind the Capitol and its surrounding memorials.?9?Summer's Top Foodie Experiences You Won't Want to Miss Take your tastebuds on a world tour with us! Savor the end of summer with one-of-a-kind foodie experiences in our favorite destinations. SAIL INTO THE SAN DIEGO SUNSET Soak in summer evenings on the San Diego Bay as you dine with magnificent views and onboard entertainment. A Premier Dinner Cruise is the perfect way to enjoy the best of California’s cuisine aboard an unforgettable experience! TASTE YOUR WAY THROUGH LONDON Join us on the ultimate food tour of London for the best of the city’s local flavor and rich culinary history! Britain’s seasonal summer cuisine comes to life starting with a visit to London’s most iconic market, followed by traditional street food and gourmet bites. SUMMER’S MOST SCENIC HAPPY HOUR IN BOSTON Set sail into the golden hour with a Sights & Sips cocktail cruise on Boston Harbor! Make the most of August evenings with the perfect pairing—refreshing drinks and tasty bites with stunning panoramic vistas of the city skyline. SUMMER’S MOST SCENIC HAPPY HOUR IN BOSTON Set sail into the golden hour with a Sights & Sips cocktail cruise on Boston Harbor! Make the most of August evenings with the perfect pairing—refreshing drinks and tasty bites with stunning panoramic vistas of the city skyline. ONE-OF-A-KIND BRUNCH IN CHICAGO From a chef-curated meal and bottomless mimosas to uninterrupted views of the city’s iconic skyline, Chicago’s Architecture Brunch Cruise is an unparalleled way to enjoy summertime on the water. Set sail for a dining experience that is as scenic as it is delicious!?10?Insider Access to VIP Experiences All Summer Long Unlock insider access to iconic attractions around the world with City Experiences! As your guide, we’ll show you the best of the best from land to water. ALL ABOARD FOR A SPECTACULAR 4TH OF JULY Kick off summer's biggest holiday with the ultimate celebration on the water! Grab your best red, white and blue, and set sail for a dazzling 4th of July with City Cruises all weekend long. AFTER HOURS ACCESS TO THE TOWER OF LONDON When the crowds leave, discover the 700-year-old Ceremony of the Keys guided by an authentic Yeoman Warder. The infamous setting for royal mystery, the Tower of London and all its hidden secrets, is explored like never before on this exclusive evening tour. GET IN THE MIST OF NIAGARA FALLS Face the unrivaled power of the Falls from a VIP vantage point! Special access to the first boat tour of the day allows for the most stunning panoramic viewing of Canada’s nearly 200-ft wall of water complete with an unparalleled journey behind the falls. UNLOCK THE HIDDEN WONDERS OF VATICAN CITY For a once-in-a-lifetime experience, open the doors to the Vatican Museums and the Sistine Chapel alongside the Vatican Key Master on our exclusive tour! Before the public arrives, roam the empty halls of the 517-year-old museums and soak in their awe-inspiring grandeur.?11?Explore Your Adventurous Side This Summer No two experiences are ever the same, and you can find a world of adventure with City Experiences! Follow us at @cityexperiences on Instagram for a closer look. RIP THROUGH THE WATERS OF THE RIVER THAMES London Feel your heart race as you speed down the river Thames at exhilarating speeds. See if you can identify any of the landmarks on the riverbank as you zoom by them. EXPLORE THE HISTORY OF ALCATRAZ… AT NIGHT San Francisco Are you brave enough to discover the depths of the infamous Alcatraz Island in the darkness of night? Learn about the enthralling history of the island and its past occupants from your expert guide. BRING YOUR TASTEBUDS ON AN ADVENTURE New York City This new tour will send your tastebuds on an authentic adventure. Sample over five different types of cuisine that have shaped the food culture of the Lower East Side. FEEL THE POWER OF THE THUNDERING FALLS Niagara Falls, Canada How close can a boat get to the thundering Niagara Falls? We’ll bring you as close as possible to fully experience the sheer power and beauty of these magnificent waterfalls.?12?Take Your Family Vacation To The Next Level Break away from the mundane with new adventures for the entire family with City Experiences. CRUISE WITH US THIS MOTHER'S DAY Multiple US Locations Treat the mom in your life to a memorable experience while enjoying delicious food, beautiful views, and quality time the whole family aboard a dining cruise! Use code MOM20 for 20% off* through 4/23. ITALIAN FLAVOR & MEMORIES TO SAVOR Rome Sample the great culinary culture that Rome has to offer with your whole family! Entertaining storytellers will enchant you with tales and provide mouthwatering eats the entire family will love. SET SAIL FOR MAJESTIC WHALES Boston, MA & San Diego, CA Have the experience of a lifetime with the entire gang all while learning about marine life with expert naturalists. Plus, your family won’t want to miss our exciting and new cruise, the New England Aquarium Ecoventure Cruise.?13?Our Top List of the World's Best Experiences Cross these famous attractions off your bucket list this year with City Experiences as your guide! Brunch With Incredible Cherry Blossom Views Washington, D.C. Enjoy D.C.'s iconic spring tradition on a brunch cruise with sweeping panoramas of the cherry blossom bloom, the Lincoln Memorial, Washington Monument and more from 3/25 – 4/16. Get Up Close and Personal With Lady Liberty New York, NY No trip to the Big Apple is complete without a visit to the Statue of Liberty, and only Statue City Cruises takes you to see her on Liberty Island and to Ellis Island! A Perfectly Timed Tour of the Louvre Paris, France We think everyone should enjoy the Mona Lisa without all the crowds, so we created the Closing Time at the Louvre walking tour. Tour the best of the Louvre on a perfectly timed itinerary at the most peaceful time of day. Make Your Getaway to Alcatraz Island San Francisco, CA Join us aboard Alcatraz City Cruises, the only way to see San Francisco's top tourist attraction. Cruise the unforgettable sights of San Francisco Bay and then tour the infamous island.?14?Ready for your trip to Alcatraz? Visit Alcatraz Island! Explore the infamous prison that for decades has captivated people around the world. Join a Day or Night Tour, see the Cellhouse with dummy heads from the Great Escape, and more! Enjoy Enchanting Views of the Bay The historic Alcatraz Gardens are a delightful surprise for most visitors. The gardens have been maintained since the Civil War era and are currently cared for by Island employees and volunteers. The Big Lockup Exhibit The exhibit takes a look at the disproportionate number of people of color, low literacy and those born into poverty that are in jail and prison. It looks at who is harmed, who bears the costs and how we can deter and prevent people from being put back into the system. Finally, The Big Lockup asks: Is there a better way? Alcatraz, 1969 - Explore Occupation History or Explore Alcatraz History Red Power on Alcatraz: Perspectives 50 Years Later is an exhibit currently on display in the New Industries Building on Alcatraz Island. The extensive exhibit tells the story of the 19-month Native American occupation of the Island.?15?Your Valentine's Day List: Top Romantic Experiences STROLL THROUGH THE CITY OF LIGHTS Paris Join us for a memorable walking tour of this timeless city, from the charming Latin Quarter to the famed Notre Dame Cathedral. Our guide will amaze you and your amour with tales of Paris’ hidden history. You’ll especially relish the picturesque cruise down the river Seine. ELEGANT CRUISE & CITY VIEWS New York City As soon as we set sail on our most premium and upscale dinner cruise, the drinks flow and the band’s sweet melodies fill the night. Cuddle close with your beloved as you feast on our delicious entrees and dessert menu, as well as the iconic Manhattan skyline. DANCE DOWN THE THAMES London It’s a spectacular night when you and your honey cruise with us along the River Thames. You’ll sway to the lively beat of our Latin jazz quintet, marvel at London’s epic landmarks and enjoy a sumptuous three course meal.?16?Happy New Year from Our Crew to Yours! Happy New Year From City Experiences! From the entire City Experiences crew, we'd like to wish you an incredible new year filled with happiness, joy, prosperity, and plenty of fun, of course! We look forward to bringing you even more exciting experiences in 2023. From amazing dining and sightseeing cruises to walking tours, food tours, and once-in-a-lifetime experiences – we've got your new year covered. Best wishes for an adventurous 2023!?17?A Sincere Thanks to You HAPPY THANKSGIVING As you gather around with your loved ones today and all through the holiday season, we wanted to send a personal thanks to you. We're grateful for the support, the excitement, the laughter, and the new friends. Thanks for helping us create so many amazing experiences. We simply couldn't have done it without you! We're excited to welcome you back through the holiday season, into 2023, and beyond. Happy Thanksgiving from everyone at City Experiences!?18?Unique Gift Ideas for Your Favorite Traveler Holiday Gifts for the Globetrotter in Your Life With the holidays approaching, we've put together some great gift ideas for your favorite traveler, from the planning stages all the way to the post-trip memories. Gift them a well-designed carry-on suitcase that can often fit just as much as larger bags and save serious time at the airport.  Gift them a well-designed carry-on suitcase that can often fit just as much as larger bags and save serious time at the airport. Treat your busy traveler to the gift that lets them schedule an exciting experience at their own convenience. There are hundreds to choose from all over the world! Help them keep their itineraries straight, count down the days to a trip, and jot down notes about all their exciting experiences. Help them keep their itineraries straight, count down the days to a trip, and jot down notes about all their exciting experiences. hey'll love the excitement of finding out what develops! Perfect for a visit to Manhattan's iconic sites on the Official NYC Downtown Experience. Check out the full travel gift guide on our blog for even more great ideas for the holidays.?19?
Best Family Destinations for All Types of Travelers Family fun for every type of travel! Traveling as a family often creates the most lasting memories. There's still plenty of summer left in all kinds of destinations around the world. So, treat your family to that special summer trip or an experience closer to home. There’s something for everyone, no matter your travel style! Go All Out on Adventure Are you the type of family that likes unique wildlife adventures, exploring the outdoors, or a bit of an adrenaline rush? Take the excitement to the next level on these incredible experiences from a Niagara Jet City Cruises thrill boat ride near Niagara Falls, N Y to a Great Barrier Reef Adventure in Australia, a Thamesjet Speedboat Ride in London, UK, or the Official San Diego Adventure Experience — featuring a visit to the San Diego Zoo! Sightseeing With a Side of History If your family loves to see it all and learn some history while exploring amazing sites around the world, check out these city walking tours to experience your destination from the ground up with local experts: Boston's Freedom Trail, Parthenon and Acropolis of Athens Tour, The Best of Pompeii, and Philadelphia's Constitutional Walking Tour. See It All in a Day or Less Looking for your family to get the most out of your destination? If you want to cover more ground (or water) and see more sights in a destination, these experiences are for you! Try the NYC Downtown Weekend Express Experience, Paris in a Day Tour, Florence in a Day Walking Tour, or San Francisco in a Day Tour.?20?Get Outside and Enjoy Nature This Summer Explore Nature This Summer at These Great Destinations! Summer is almost here, and we’d like to highlight some incredible experiences to help you connect with nature around the globe. Check out these awesome destinations for fresh air, beautiful landscapes, and unique ways to enjoy the outdoors. Go Whale Watching in Boston A New England Whale Watch Cruise is the ultimate way to get up close to some of nature's most impressive animals. It's already been a momentous season with several sightings, including local favorite humpbacks, Levalier and Arroyo. Explore the Great Barrier Reef in Australia Enjoy a full day exploring one of the 7 Wonders of the Natural World at the largest coral reef on the planet. Snorkel, swim, or dive along innumerable bright tropical fish and more than 1400 species of coral or see it all from the underwater observatory! Discover the 1000 Islands From Gananoque Soak up the 1000 Islands' natural landscape with unparalleled views. Cruise through the beautiful Canadian islands and weave through narrow channels that get you closer to the iconic islands than any other experience.Experience the Serenity of Muir Woods National Monument Take a break from the city life and escape to the giant redwood forest just outside of San Francisco on this stress-free tour. You’ll even get the chance to stop by Sausalito, a seaside community full of charm and unforgettable views of San Francisco. JOIN OUR TEAM, APPLY TODAY! City Cruises and City Experiences are now hiring with open positions for entry level and experienced staff: servers, support staff, kitchen, maritime crew, tour guides, and more. Come join the fun and exciting cruising and excursions industry!?21?DISCOVER YOUR HAPPY PLACE Join us this Saturday, April 13, from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. at Meridian at Midtown Apartments in San Jose for a special Open House featuring private guided tours of our available apartment homes and complimentary refreshments. Plus, sign a lease now through April 18, and you could live RENT-FREE for cup to 1 week.?22?Register for Education Summit, May 13-15 in San Diego before the price increases. You can still save $50* if you register before April 13th. Plus, you don’t want to miss out on the discounted hotel block closing April 17th. Learn how to connect with constituents in a whole new way on the #1 CRM. Explore 90+ sessions featuring product demos, hands-on learning opportunities, bootcamps, inspirational speakers, and education innovators — a 40% increase in content compared to last year. Connect with over 1,800 education innovators and 200 executives to form meaningful connections, grow your network, trade success stories and solve challenges together. Education Summit has it all. Don’t miss out. Need to convince your boss? Make your case with this letter.?23?Enjoy 6 months of free DashPass*, and 40% off your first order. Redeem Now As a valued Roku customer, don’t forget that you can get six months of DashPass*, on us! As an added bonus, redeem your free trial and use code ROKU40 at checkout before 10/22/24 to save 40% (up to $10) on your first DoorDash order.?24?Modernize client engagement, increase client satisfaction, and fuel advisor productivity by delivering automated, real-time experiences on a single platform. With Salesforce Customer 360 for Wealth Management, your business can: Use automation to deliver modern experiences from onboarding to relationship management Anticipate opportunities, recognize client needs, and recommend next actions with AI Build trusted client relationships with timely, personalized experiences on any channel?25?Get $10 off your next order. Need headphones, eye shadow, and ice cream? Or, shoes, a stapler, and cookware? Shop your local stores and get delivery as fast as 1 hour or pickup in as little as 2 hours.?26?Can't Believe We Have To Say This We're Not Communists Press the button to get 1 Year of Windscribe Pro for $39. Would Stalin give you discounts? No. The answer is no. April Fools came and went, alongside a lot of rattled feathers of users that believed it. Great success! We'd say sorry but Comedically-Challenged People can't help but take offence to everything. We can live with that/live for that. But, we figured we would do some of you the courtesy and explain some things... Yes, we're still going to use memes. Jokes. Jibes. Giggles. All the things you know and love aren't going anywhere. To quote someone from the Subreddit: "You can take the memes from our cold dead hands!” We're no strangers to offending people but usually they're from outside our own community. So we took the time to put this together: Windscribbles Feature: A Joke Too Far? In case you aren't happy about April Fools, we suggest you set a calendar invite next year so your feelings don't get hurt ever again. While hundreds of you demanded refunds, fistifcuffs, and extra compensation... many thousands of people got the joke. We admit we loved every minute of it - it means that our users all give a damn about ethics, even if they don't all get a joke. We understand that a video of over 15 seconds long can be a struggle for some people. The high production value alone must have scared people into thinking this was a real keynote. But, we figured it would clearly be seen as a joke and taken as such. What can we say, we're just too good at what we do. We are proud to say: THE MEMES ARE HERE TO STAY Lots of love, and unlimited dank & delectable memes, Team Windscribe?27?YOUR STAYCATION DESTINATION Whether you’re looking for a community with a relaxing pool or fun space to entertain friends and family, Willow Lake offers convenient living so you can kick-back, relax, and enjoy all the comforts of home at your fingertips.Take advantage of our spring sale and you could save up to $3,720 on rent!?28?A warm welcome! With Marco Polo DISCOVERY, you can savour life’s moments at home or away while being richly rewarded. As our valued new member, you can expect recognition, benefits and DISCOVERY Dollars (D$) across 800 hotels worldwide.?29?When the cleaning mood strikes, we’ll help with the supplies. Get up to $10 off when you spend $40+* on products from Bounty, Tide, & Dawn.?30?CLAIM ON! 50% off 2 rides (Max $8/ride) you can still get 50% off your next 2 rides back with Lyft. (Max value $8/ride). Just make sure you get your boogie on before it's too late—your offer is good through April 6. Max value $8/ride. Excludes Wait & Save.